Previously on "Training Day"...
Lockhart: You'll be maintaining
close surveillance
on one of
the finest investigators
this department has ever
produced -- Frank Rourke.
Kyle, I am counting on you
to take him down.
There's no you in what
me and Tommy have with Frank.
You sailed in here
on your dead daddy's rep.
Frank: What did you really know
about your old man, Kyle?
Dad hid something.
He buried a key.
What's it go to?
That's what I'm trying
to find out?
What are you trying
to pull here, Frank?
You're saying my dad planted
evidence on a suspect.
Billy knew what needed
to get done,
and he had the balls
to do it.
Lockhart knew what
me and Billy were up to.
She authorized
the whole operation.
That file is a weapon.
I trust you to wield it.
Frank: When I was
a kid back in Texas,
carnival came through town.
I hit the midway
with my buddies
and blew all my money
trying to knock down
one of those milk bottle
pyramids with a softball.
Wanted that chalk statue
of King Kong real bad.
Came home empty handed.
My old man told me
the game was rigged,
that the bottles
at the bottom were filled
with buckshot
to weigh them down.
So that night, I went back to
that cheating bastard's booth,
and I burned it to the ground.
See, I don't like to lose.
* Tell me,
when will you be mine? *
* Tell me
quando, quando, quando *
* We can share a love divine
Countdown.
In three, two, one.
Oh, Gary.
Oh, this is disturbing.
[ Guns cock ]
You guys are making
a world-class mistake.
I'll tell you,
I'm Gary Millstone.
[ Grunts ]
-Ow!
-Gary Millstone!
The lawyer.
Fellas, come on.
What the hell's
he talking about?
When your favorite hip-hop
artist serves a knuckle sandwich
to his gal pal
in the elevator,
I'm the guy who
gets him out of jail
in time for the after party.
I'm your friend, huh?
I'm your one phone call.
I-I'm not the guy you rob!
Open the safe, old man.
I got a better idea.
How about I shoot out
the kneecaps instead?
-Gary!
-Hey, trust me.
You don't violence to be any
part of a residential burglary.
The penalty enhancements
are positively Draconian.
Just to show
there's no hard feelings,
you take one of my cards.
You ever find
yourself in a scrape,
I'll represent you
free of charge.
But, uh, can we
move this along?
You saw me pop a blue bomber.
My wife's best buddy's about
to make his grand entrance.
TMI, Dad.
Listen, mouthpiece!
Look, man, don't let me
go Tarantino up in here!
Crack the safe,
or I'll blow her brains out!
Look, look,
okay, okay.
You see the zip ties
on my wife's wrists?
That's kidnapping.
Special circumstances.
You kill either one of us now,
that's a death penalty beef.
Be smart.
Okay.
Better yet,
why don't you imagine
what a smart person
might do here.
Listen, counselor,
you got 10 seconds,
and after that,
you become a widow.
-Open this safe.
-It's widower.
Really, Gary?
10! 9! 8!
[ Gun cocks ]
Gary, please!
-7!
-Listen to your wife, Gary.
6! 5!
Gary!
4!
For God's sake,
think of the kids!
2!
You seriously gonna make me
shoot your wife, dude?!
Gary!
All right! All right!
All right!
All right.
Damn it,
all -- all right!
I'm doing it.
All right.
[ Keypad beeping ]
Okay. All -- All right,
I did it, okay.
Really? Your old lady
almost died for some watches
and a bunch of files?
Those are
privileged documents.
I would do the same for you
if you were my clients.
What's this?
Cellphone.
I can see that,
but what the hell's
it doing in the safe?!
It's got to be
worth something.
Just take it.
Again, I urge you
to reconsider.
And I urge you
to shut up before I put
a bullet in your mouth just
to keep you from talking.
A bullet wouldn't
shut him up.
You and your buddy are making
a huge mistake here.
Objection overruled.
* Yeah
* Top shelf
like this ace, girl *
* If sexy was a race,
you'd be first place, girl *
* Place, girl
* You go style,
you got taste, girl *
* Taste, girl
* You know if you was mine
* I would keep you laced, girl
* Laced, girl
* So do your thang, girl
* Thang, girl
* Keep doin' your thang
* Doin' your thang,
doin' your thang *
* Yeah
* Do your thang, girl
* Thang, girl
* Keep doin' your thang
* Doin' your thang,
doin' your thang *
You're the best wife
in the world.
True.
[ Chuckles ]
By the way, I invited Frank
over for dinner tomorrow night.
It's non-negotiable.
We seriously need
to work on our foreplay.
Like it's not bad enough
I'm trapped in a car with him
all day forced to listen
to Lynyrd Skynyrd.
I just want to
lay eyes on the guy
that my husband spends
his days with.
Two hours tops.
Just the four of us.
Four of us?
I told him to bring
his girlfriend.
Holly.
What does she do again?
Uh...
[ Cellphone rings ]
Kyle.
Where?
[ Police radio chatter ]
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Gracias, Silvia.
Muy amable.
Soy como
zombi sin mi café.
Hey, can I get a --
Reverse racism.
That's not a thing.
Housekeeper discovered them
when she showed up for work.
Crew got away with the usual --
jewelry, watches, and pills.
Detectives.
Mr. Millstone,
I'm Detective Chavez.
This is Detective --
Oh, morning, Frank.
Gary.
You've already met?
In court.
On those few occasions
Frank makes an actual arrest.
Most of his
investigations wind up
with an innocent man
in the morgue.
Innocent?
Until proven guilty, yeah.
Now, I realize you're more used
to planting evidence, Frank,
but if you need any advice
in collecting it,
I'll be right outside.
But you've already contaminated
this crime scene, Gary.
You leave a slime trail
wherever you go.
I wear your scorn as
a badge of honor, Detective.
[ Whispers indistinctly ]
-[ Clears throat ]
-Who's that?
That's Vince Parker,
head of Millstone's security.
I'd say somebody's
out of a job.
**
We think these are the same
suspects who robbed Millstone.
Hmm.
They hit three houses
on consecutive nights
in Palos Verdes
about six months ago.
Four weeks later,
same deal in Beverly Park.
Yeah, I remember
those jobs in Beverly.
Wilshire division asked us
to run surveillance on them.
So, their M.O. is
to hit a few houses
back-to-back
then go to ground.
Which is why we think we've got
a great shot tonight.
We're gonna roll half a dozen
surveillance teams,
blanket the neighborhood.
I think
we're wasting our time.
The inventory from the Millstone
job was a pretty rich score.
Good chance these two
are done for now.
10th floor
sees it different.
Brass is worried these suspects
are escalating their violence.
You mean they're worried they're
doing it in Hancock Park?
[ Humming ]
What's up with you?
Nothing's up.
It's called being
in a good mood.
So, what's his name?
Who's name?
Mr. Good Mood.
Shouldn't you be running
position checks?
King 2 to King 7,
what's your situation?
King 7 all clear.
[ Siren wailing ]
Kyle:
King 1, no activity.
I'm telling you,
they're not coming.
No way
you can know that.
You know what
a jackal is, Kyle?
Jackals hunt in pairs.
Every so often, they come
upon a carcass, big game.
They'll feed on it
till it's gone.
Right now, those two are feeding
on Millstone's carcass.
Trust me, trainee.
They've gone to ground.
King 1 to King 2.
Eyes on the subject.
Late model dark sedan.
You were saying,
training officer?
Subject just pulled up.
Killed his lights.
Now he's just sitting there.
Maybe we got lucky.
Hmm.
Looks like he's wearing
night goggles.
Should we take him now
or wait for him to
get out of his car?
Now.
But I thought it was
better to grab them
during the commission
of a crime.
That's what you always say.
Don't do that.
What?
Think.
Becca, Tommy,
circle around the block,
turn off your lights,
and wait for my signal.
King 3,
hold your position.
[ Engine starts ]
Where are they going?
Just get on my 6:00, trainee.
Keep your eyes open.
Now.
[ Grunts ]
Show me your hands.
Turn over.
Parker?
**
[ Siren wails,
police radio chatter ]
What were you
doing out there?
Enjoying an evening
constitutional.
[ Scoffs ]
Constitutional implies
walking, Parker.
It does not involve
peeping into people's homes
with night-vision goggles.
Hypothetically speaking,
I would only be out there to
retrieve my employer's property.
You been working
for an asshat lawyer so long
you're actually starting
to talk like one now?
You know I used
to be one of you.
I read your file.
Terminated for excessive force
while on duty.
A word, Detective Chavez.
I want you to kick him.
What's going on?
Apparently I'm
releasing Parker.
Why?
I don't answer to you, Frank.
Who do you answer to,
Joy?
I still can't
figure that one out.
We're not filing.
I want him gone.
You realize he works
for Gary Millstone, right?
That's exactly why I've asked
Chief Lockhart to release him.
This is Deputy D.A. Finney.
She's protecting Millstone.
I don't care who she is.
We're not protecting anyone,
Detective.
I'm in the middle
of a high-profile murder trial
with Millstone
as we speak.
Albanian enforcers.
Not nice men.
My witnesses are
ready to testify.
Last thing I need is for
Millstone to have a chance
at a mistrial because
you're harassing him
about his
own home invasion.
Parker has an alibi
for the other burglaries.
This is not up
for discussion, Frank.
Cut him loose now.
**
Look what we found.
Parker was using
a tracking device.
Found it on King 3's
surveillance vehicle.
Except Lockhart just ordered us
to stand down on him.
Lockhart doesn't know
what she's dealing with.
Set up on Parker.
I want to know where he goes,
who he talks to,
what he has for breakfast.
It's time to drag
Dracula into the light,
watch his flesh burn.
What's so urgent?
It's your partner.
I'm concerned.
Frank isn't my partner.
Don't be insulted.
I'm trying to protect you.
Frank's about
to go off the rails.
Seven years ago,
a supplier named Cal McQueen
went after a dealer
who'd stiffed him.
A civilian father of two
was hit by a stray bullet.
Frank managed
to locate an eyewitness --
a nurse at county
named Robin Meyers.
Two weeks before the trial,
Meyers disappeared.
They found her car at LAX.
McQueen walked.
And Millstone
was McQueen's lawyer.
For Frank,
Millstone's personal.
And that's the real reason
you released Parker.
To wind Frank up,
watch him spin out of control.
Just let me know
if he crosses the line,
and believe me, he will.
Gary: You're supposed
to be my security.
Calm down.
The other night
when those two plop heads
had a gun pointed at
my wife's head,
I felt very insecure.
But for my sorcery,
you'd be a disgraced cop
in federal prison.
That's right.
Lipstick, mascara,
all your teeth knocked out
for easy access.
Now, you find
those two mouth breathers
before they do
any real damage.
Rebecca:
Parker hasn't moved.
Well, eventually
he has to.
Otherwise Millstone found
himself a new head of security.
So, is it serious?
What serious?
It's not like that.
Besides, I'm not
gonna confide in a man
whose most
meaningful relationship
is with his surfboard.
[ Chuckles ]
And whose fault is that?
Are you jealous?
[ Laughs ]
Check it out.
Here he goes.
[ Car alarm chirps ]
[ Engine starts ]
[ Rock music plays ]
[ Gunshots ]
[ Woman screams ]
You see this?
That's Mrs. Millstone
in the background.
If you want me to feel
sorry for her, I don't.
She's still wearing
her wedding band.
That has to be
20k worth of diamonds.
Pretty hard to miss.
Why wouldn't
they take her ring?
They got plenty.
Maybe. Only how'd they know
about the safe?
Let me ask you
a question.
[ Gunshot ]
What did Lockhart want?
She told me about
you and Millstone.
About Robin Meyers,
the witness who disappeared.
Disappeared my ass.
Robin Meyers was murdered.
[ Gunshot ]
She didn't want to testify.
I was the one who promised her
things would be okay.
So, I have to get up on
the stand and say what I saw?
That's right.
And McQueen will be there?
He will, but I'll be in
the courtroom with you, too.
I'm scared.
I know. I would be, too.
But you're the only one
who can put him away.
You promise me
I'll be okay?
I promise.
So you think Millstone had
something to do with it?
A few years after Robin,
a witness, not one of mine,
went missing on another
Millstone case.
Three more since.
How do you know it's not
Millstone's clients
who took out the witnesses?
Look at the evidence.
What evidence?
Exactly.
There isn't any.
No prints,
no casings, nothing.
It's too clean.
His clients aren't that smart.
Millstone's behind this.
I know it.
Lockhart's waiting for you
to make a mistake, Frank.
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
And she thinks because
this is personal for you,
you'll get sloppy.
I got to pick up Holly
for this ambush
your wife planned for us.
Nothing I could do.
Well, just make sure
she doesn't serve dessert.
I want to make it
an early evening.
Hey.
How'd you know the crew
wouldn't show that night
during the stakeout?
I've been doing this
a long time, trainee.
Maybe too long.
[ Elevator door slams ]
I see you went with
the chicken-fried steak.
Brave men.
[ Clears throat ]
Have something for me?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I look like a pawn shop?
That's for you, stupid.
What's for me?
Files and a phone.
Okay, now we're talking.
What, do you got
to make wee wee?
The hell you so nervous about?
If anybody sees us talking to
you, they'll think we snitches.
Looks bad breaking bread
with a cop.
Kyle:
I couldn't agree more.
[ Chuckles ]
You followed me?
Okay, I'm impressed.
A little.
Who the hell is this?
Oh, you want
to be introduced?
Lou, Danny...
meet Kyle Craig.
Kyle, meet our home invaders.
You finally lost in, Frank.
I knew something was off!
I couldn't figure out
how you were so sure
the crew wouldn't hit again.
But hiring those fools
to jack Millstone,
I will not go along with this.
Just hear me out.
I got a tip on those
Beverly Hills break-ins
Val briefed us about
and gaffled Lou and Danny.
We cut a deal.
They hit Millstone's,
keep the loot,
and I get the contents
of Millstone's safe.
Only the District Attorney
is authorized to make deals.
Look at this.
So what?
It's locked. I got to see
if Rebecca can hack it.
So you're gonna rope her
into this?
Millstone's been having
witnesses killed, Kyle.
He's been getting away
with it for years,
and he's gonna keep on
getting away with it.
I think I finally found
a way to prove it.
I'm not gonna go to prison
chasing one of your hunches.
We're gonna be
late for dinner.
[ Laughter ]
So, I'm a boot
fresh out of the academy.
I don't know my ass
from my elbow,
and I open it,
cats come pouring out.
I mean, dozens of cats.
There's more cats every time
he tells this story.
Well, trust me,
a lot of cats.
So, what'd you do?
Only thing I could do.
I stood up on a chair,
put one hand over my privates.
I hold up my lighter
to the ceiling
and trigger
the sprinkler system.
The water comes
spraying out,
and these cats, man,
they just scattered.
Is he this funny
all the time?
-[ Chuckles ]
-Nope.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, we don't want
to overstay our welcome.
Alyse, you probably
have an early shift.
Oh, no, it's fine.
I'm actually off
tonight and tomorrow.
What are you gonna do
with your day?
I thought about
taking a yoga class.
You know,
we should go together.
I take an 11:00 A.M.
in Larchmont three days a week.
Amazing. I'd be lucky
if I make one class a week.
Your schedule must be
pretty flexible.
Are you self-employed?
I am.
I run my own business,
so I make my own hours.
Really?
What kind of business?
I run a dating service.
Like an online thing?
It's more of
an escort service.
Escort service.
Oh, okay.
So, is that
how you two met?
-No, not really.
-Yep.
[ Both laugh ]
On second thought,
I think we really do
have to wake up
early tomorrow.
We don't, sweetie. Frank,
can I get you another beer?
Sure.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Oh.
This is the hospital.
Excuse me one second.
[ Sighs ]
I'm gonna use the head.
Oh, Frank.
[ Sighs ]
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
You know, we've got
something in common.
We both know it's not easy
having Frank for a partner.
Tell me about it.
Riding with you
is good for Frank.
He'd kill me for
telling you this,
but when you were gonna
be his trainee,
it was the happiest
I'd seen him in a long time.
Frank and your dad
were like brothers.
Frank never fully recovered
after losing Billy.
[ Chuckles ]
I know this is
a lot to ask, Kyle.
I know who Frank is,
how he can be.
Please just watch out for him
the way your dad did.
He needs you.
You invited Frank
to a dinner party?
It was my wife's idea.
She wanted to meet
my training officer.
Where's Tommy?
[ Sighs ]
Still watching Parker.
Frank asked me to look into
Millstone's phone.
You knew, didn't you?
About the home invasion?
Not until last night.
I don't question Frank.
Frank hunts the things
that hunt the innocent.
If he played by the rules,
I probably would've died
somebody's plaything, my organs
sold off on the black market.
So if it's a choice between
rules and results, guess what.
[ Elevator door slams ]
So, good times at
the Craig house last night.
A few thoughts, trainee.
Sort of a post mortem.
One -- under no circumstances
are we ever doing that again.
Your wife's a good cook, but our
women should never hang out.
Too many trade secrets
for the both of us.
Anything else?
Yeah.
Buy some domestic beer.
You don't deserve Holly.
You know that, right?
Were you able
to crack the phone?
Millstone was using an advanced
symmetric block cypher.
Basically an algorithm that
locks down the phone's hardware.
So you can't tell me
who he called?
He wasn't making calls.
He was texting.
Couldn't recover the texts,
but I did put dates
on the transmissions.
About a dozen of them
over the years.
Any of it mean
anything to you?
Bastard.
What?
June, 2010.
What about it?
That's when Robin Meyers
went missing.
Millstone gave the order,
and whoever's on the other end
of that phone
made her disappear.
Frank, this last one was
just sent a few days ago.
Didn't Lockhart tell you
Millstone was in the middle
of a homicide trial?
He's put this thing
in motion again.
He's going after
another witness.
-Detective Rourke.
-Ms. Finney.
You need to find a place
to hide your witnesses.
I beg your pardon?
We have reason to believe
that one of the witnesses
in your homicide trial
is at risk.
I have seven witnesses,
Detective.
Not including police officers,
S.I.D., or the M.E.
If someone's in danger,
I need to know who it is.
We can't tell you that.
Detective, I thought
Chief Lockhart and I
made ourselves perfectly clear
about Gary Millstone.
You're in a courtroom
trying to out-lawyer him
while he's out here
being an outlaw.
So Millstone's the outlaw?
I hope that irony
isn't lost on you, Detective.
I go to the judge with
unsubstantiated allegations
like this, I open myself up
to a mistrial.
You don't, and one of your
witnesses can get killed.
Then bring me something
I can act on.
You know, something legal.
[ Footsteps receding ]
Son of a bitch.
[ Chuckling ] Whoa.
Some nice pieces here.
Special.
I know, right?
Like I said when I called,
we deal in very selective
merchandise.
[ Door opens ]
Yeah, can we just
move this along, man?
Well, you two morons
clearly haven't put
a lot of thought into this.
Millstone represents nearly
every fence in this damn city.
Thank you for your service,
Chuck.
Who the hell are you?!
[ Gun cocks ]
I am the last guy
you want to run into
while trying to fence the stuff
you stole from my employer.
So...what
are we gonna do?
I don't know.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Tommy, give me
some good news.
Yeah, you're not gonna
like this, boss.
Now, neither one of you
are capable of figuring out
that those little paper cowboy
hats are actually meant
to cover the seat
of a public toilet.
Much less...put something
like this together.
[ Sighs ]
Somebody put you up to it.
And you're gonna tell me who.
[ Laughs ]
You're gonna be
begging to tell me.
Hmm?
They call this
a Tucker Telephone.
Named for
the Tucker State Prison farm
back in Arkansas where
the technique was invented.
Oh, it's just
an old antique hand-crank phone
hardwired to a couple
of dry-cell batteries.
[ Telephone ringing ]
[ Both screaming ]
[ Laughs ]
But man, it does the trick, huh?
Who turned you on to Millstone?
[ Telephone ringing ]
[ Both scream ]
[ Laughs ]
Who has the phone?
[ Screaming continues ]
Tommy:
Well, that's kinky.
What are you gonna do,
shoot me?
I was
thinking about it.
Nah.
I'd rather
just kick your ass.
[ Grunts ]
**
[ Laughs ] A genuine
Tucker Telephone.
I'm geeking out here,
Parker.
That's a real piece
of history.
Hmm. Can you imagine what it
must've been like back then,
back before
political correctness
and, uh, what the hell
do you call it?
Micro aggressions.
[ Telephone ringing ]
[ Grunts ]
You know, guys like us,
today we're monsters, right?
But back then,
they would've said
we were too soft
on suspects.
Hey.
Why don't we set
the way-back machine
to those thrilling days
of yesteryear?
[ The Fleetwoods'
"Come Softly to Me" plays ]
Eisenhower's
in the White House,
and no one's ever heard of
Miranda vs. Arizona.
[ Telephone ringing ]
[ Grunting ]
I got Millstone's
magic phone,
the one that makes
witnesses disappear.
Like that "Twilight Zone"
where you push a button
and somebody dies.
I know it's a death ray.
Just don't know
how it works.
Wish I could
help you out.
Yeah.
You know, people say that,
but they don't really mean it.
I got to make
a long-distance phone call.
[ Telephone ringing ]
Hello? Hello?
Duluth, Duluth,
come in, come in.
[ Grunting ]
We found
a dozen text messages,
each corresponding
to a witness who disappeared,
including a nurse
named Robin Meyers.
Remember her?
I sure as hell do.
Brave woman,
ready to testify against
one of your employer's
dirt bag clients.
And you guys
had her killed for it.
I don't know what the hell
you're talking about.
[ Telephone ringing ]
Bravo six! Bravo six!
Got Charlie on the wire!
Repeat, repeat!
Charlie's on the wire!
Request immediate air support!
[ Screams ]
Millstone used
the cellphone to text
a contract killer
named Ulysses.
Local, but no one knows
who he really is,
not even Millstone.
So Millstone can't be
tied to him.
Millstone's not stupid.
So how does it work?
Easy.
Millstone texts a photo
of the target along with
a timetable and wires money
to an offshore account,
then just sits back
and waits.
-A perfect system.
-Makes it impossible to prove,
and a coerced confession
won't cut it.
Not with me,
not with the D.A.
[ Siren wailing in distance ]
**
[ Car alarm chirps ]
Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
Crying shame about the criminal
element in this city.
If only lawyers like you weren't
so good at getting them off.
This is low even for you,
Rourke.
Man makes a good point.
It's not what
you know, Gary.
It's what you can prove,
remember?
Like this phone.
Legally, I can't say how
I came into possession of it,
you understand,
and for obvious reasons,
you can't tell me
it's yours either.
I should've realized the other
morning you were behind this.
This isn't your day, Gary.
You never lost a case, but
you're about to lose two today.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
The one you're trying against
Regina Finney, and of course,
the upcoming trial in which
you will be the star defendant.
You're delusional.
Multiple counts
of murder for hire,
including Robin Meyers,
the nurse I convinced to
testify against Cal McQueen.
You had her killed
and ditched her car at LAX
to make it look like
she'd run off.
Nobody likes a sore loser,
Rourke.
I have your phone.
Phone proves nothing.
You know,
that's what Parker said
when he showed me
how it worked.
I think I came up with
what we call a work-around
that results
in your confession.
You know, I'm not some
gang banger you can intimidate
with your little
Marshal Dillon act, Rourke.
You're not as clever
as you think you are, Gary.
Actually,
it was very simple.
All I had to do was
wire the money to an account
in the Caymans,
the same way you did.
You know, the genius of your
system is in its anonymity.
Ulysses doesn't
know who you are.
He just waits for
the money to hit his account,
and off he goes to work.
So I sent him your photo
and, uh, your Bentley's GPS.
Then I thought, you know,
just to make it interesting,
I'd add a little wrinkle.
I texted him that I needed
the job done A.S.A.P.
Figure, uh, he should
show up any minute.
You have a choice,
Millstone.
Use the phone and enter
the abort codes
and implicate yourself.
Or go ahead and die.
Watch out for the red dot,
Gary.
Now, you can enter
the abort code,
which proves your guilt, or you
can start drafting your will.
Either way,
I walk away a winner.
I don't know about you,
trainee, but I think
we ought to give Gary here
a wide berth to consider
his options.
Say, I wonder if it's
that tall guy over there.
Just...
Give me
the damn phone, Rourke.
J-J-Just give it to me!
I...
I want to hear
you say it.
I had her killed, okay?
Robin Meyers.
I paid to have her killed,
have her car left at LAX.
[ Phone buttons clicking ]
Standby
to trace the ping.
Standing by.
Copy that.
[ Line ringing ]
Tommy, you read me?
Suspect is in the park.
[ Cellphones ringing ]
Who is this?
Afternoon.
I was wondering if you had
any interest in
home repairs.
Rebecca: Lower level
near the fountain.
[ Children laughing ]
I have a crew
in your neighborhood
who'd be happy to stop by
and talk with you.
[ Gunshot ]
[ People screaming ]
You okay?
Hey, you know
I'm the only guy
who really
understands you, right?
Not the time
or place, dude.
[ Chuckles ] Well, we don't
really see each other
outside of work,
so these are the only
times and places
we do have.
**
Well, congratulations,
Parker.
You're a douche bag
who can now add "rat"
to your
online dating profile.
[ Elevator dings ]
Put him in
the conference room.
You realize Mutt and Jeff
could tank your story, right?
Lou and Danny
are long gone.
Let's just say
lesson learned.
So, can you really
link this maggot
to the witness
in the McQueen case?
Robin Meyers
and all the others.
What's the matter, Joy?
Not the outcome
you were expecting?
I don't have expectations
when it comes to you, Frank.
If you'll excuse me.
[ Glass squeaking ]
Come to gloat?
There's nothing
to gloat about.
No way to bring
those people back.
But there is a way
you could bring peace
to the family
of one of them.
Robin Meyers.
What happened to her?
Why should I
tell you anything?
You can survive as a lawyer
inside, but not as a snitch.
You don't want McQueen
to know you ratted him out.
Which is my next call.
Where is she?
Lake Hollywood.
[ Sighs ]
[ Knock on door ]
Yes?
Hello, Kathy.
Come in.
[ Door closes ]
It's been a long time.
We caught Robin's killer.
There's also a chance
we may recover her body.
At least now
you know for sure.
You can let her go.
Frank.
You have to
let her go, too.
[ Inhales deeply ]
* Oh, Father, tell me
* We get what we deserve
* Oh, we get what we deserve
* And way down we go
I could get used
to this, seeing you more.
* Way down we go
I have to go home.
I'm jealous.
I can't help it.
Your husband gets all of you,
and I only get what you give me.
These moments.
You know, it's funny.
He thinks he's the only one
who really understands me.
* Yeah, but for the fall
But the truth is
nobody gets all of me.
* Look him right
in the eyes, yeah *
I'm not like your husband,
Rebecca.
You knew what you were
getting yourself into.
This is how
it has to be.
Just tell me
if you love him.
This isn't
the time or place.
* We get what we deserve
So, where are your unindicted
co-conspirators, Lou and Danny?
On a bus
bound for Alaska.
I revoked
their L.A. privileges.
Don't ever put me in
this position again, Frank.
This is a shotgun wedding.
We're together because
we both want to find the men
who murdered my dad,
and I'm willing to sacrifice
everything to find them
except my principles.
I won't give you those.
They're mine.
Hey.
Look who stopped by.
Ma'am.
How are you?
Well, I have work to do.
I'll leave you guys
to it.
I'll be quick, promise.
She's lovely.
You're a lucky man.
I know.
Hope you're a smart man.
Look, Chief, I really don't
have anything worth reporting.
Tell you what.
Why don't you report something
and let me be the judge.
Don't ever come
to my home again.
[ Chuckles ]
Boy, please.
You work for me.
You think this is a game?
Parker was a dirty cop working
for a corrupt attorney,
and you chose
to let him go
because you're fixated on
catching Frank.
You have no idea how much
you and Frank are alike.
If I find out that
you're covering for him,
I'll take everything
away from you.
Your badge, your pension,
and that's just for starters.
Frank is not the one
you need to be scared of.
[ Door opens, closes ]